you must eat my words
before i'm gone my son
now you will be king
but the throne must pass to a male heir
hakeem it appears you have a
son he must be found
prepare the royal jet
we are going back to america oh hell no
your majesty
come on i'm back
say it again
well well say it again
it is so good to see you well abby damn
look who done come up in here
[Applause]
those hungry babies with the flies on
the face
that's too much now you stepped over the
line now we won't be talking that kind
of about the hungry babies you're
going to get out of my chair politically
incorrect
so what you doing back here hotel rwanda
i'm back
feel good
you